okay talking about the North Face
darkstar negative 20 degree synthetic
sleeping bag great pack or excuse me
great bag for cold conditions and
especially for mountaineering because it
compresses into a very small spot while
still maintaining a lot of loft assuming
that you packed the actual bag the
proper way and that when you're storing
it you're not keeping it stuffed up you
got to let it here so let's talk about
it let me give you my ratings and then
I'm giving you some pros and cons of
what I like and what I don't like about
it so when it comes to comfort ability
let me give it a for when it comes to
dependability I'm gonna give it a four
as well and when it comes to when it
comes to general purpose it was thinking
bag I'm gonna give it a five here's why
starting off with everything the bag
itself great loft has a great zipper
tape zipper all the way down it's a it
makes for a very smooth transition and
use of the zipper also has another
zipper that's down at the bottom if you
want to just open it up and just have
like a little person that's at the
bottom of your feet
that'll air out but not your upper torso
you can do that so inside the zipper as
well is the thermal block which blocks
this which prevents any heat from
escaping out of the zipper or even
letting air come in and that's right
here a lot of sleep meds do have it this
one has a very good loft so when you
have it come down the zipper just snugs
up right up to it as long as you were
the proper size for that sleeping bag
its overall weight is five pounds three
ounces and that's assuming you have the
regular bag if you have the longer
portion it's going to be slightly
slightly heavier as a stuff sack volume
of 38 liters which is very low
considering the loudness of the bag
it also has inside its got like most
bags it's got the the torso thermal
barrier so that it prevents the heat
from escaping from the bottom of the bag
up to your face and then out of the
actual mummy portion of the back it also
as a peasant has a a drawstring here you
pull the drawstring and it either
tightens up tightens up the torso
thermal barrier or it loosens it which
is nice if you want to have it loose
because you
more comfortable or you want to just
have air escaping out of it to create
kind of venting effect you can do that
it's also nice is that it though pros if
that goes back onto itself so I'll show
you real quick
they'll come a portion here you can
bring it over and velcro it to the other
end creating a nice lofty interior
blockage from any any heat escaping from
the from your face it's got the the
drawstring on the side too
scoffs you got the little snazzy plastic
little stoppers here but every bag has
that the only thing that's kind of weird
about the bag is that if you can see you
see the the logos here they're like it's
falling apart
that doesn't really mean anything but if
you're looking for something that I
don't like about the bag this would be
it I like the sport the North Face gear
for some reason this is every single
logo on the bag I mean it's happening
down here at the bottom one as well it's
just it's falling apart so I'm not
really sure why that is
but it doesn't make any it doesn't do
any have any effect on the performance
of the bag and overall it's a really
good bag I've used it and they give 20
degree weather and it worked just fine
but I also use a additional 10 degree
increase or for making it even colder
for it so it's an Inc of 30 degree bag
it's just a liner and I didn't even need
it but I have used it and in correlation
with this bag and I was able to
sustained very very very cold
temperatures while maintaining a good
comfort so it's very good bag highly
recommend it and you should get one